Support new Google GenAI SDK (#14576)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/tracing/integrations/gemini.mdx

mlflow.gemini.autolog()
```

:::note

> While current MLflow tracing integration supports both new [Google GenAI SDK](https://github.com/googleapis/python-genai) and legacy [Google AI Python SDK](https://github.com/google-gemini/generative-ai-python),
> it is hightly recommended to migrate your usecases to the new Google GenAI SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current MLflow tracing integration supports both new [Google GenAI SDK](https://github.com/googleapis/python-genai) and legacy [Google AI Python SDK](https://github.com/google-gemini/generative-ai-python), but it may drop support for the legacy package without notice. It is highly recommended to migrate your use cases to the new Google GenAI SDK.
```

:::note

> Currently, MLflow Gemini integration only support tracing for synchronous calls for text interactions. Async APIs are not traced, and full inputs may not be recorded for multi-modal inputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, MLflow Gemini integration only supports tracing of synchronous calls for text interactions. Async APIs are not traced and full inputs may not be recorded for multi-modal inputs.
```

> # Configure the SDK with your API key.

Reviewer: Shall we change the import path above?
```
from google import genai
```

Author: Good call!
